By Bob H on November 19, 2015
The battery failed after a couple of weeks. There is an advisory to try to discharge below 10% and don't leave on the charger for more than 3 hrs to maximize battery life. The failure happened shortly after leaving on charge over night, so that may have been the cause. If so, the advisory should be more to the point that battery failure is possible if guidelines are not followed.

By Jerry on August 12, 2015
I got this as a gift for my young brother, who absolutely loves music but doesn't need anything fancy as far as the device that plays it goes. I figured this unit is cheap enough and can hold enough music - who cares if he damages it or has any issues?

Fortunately, he has had the unit a few weeks and has even dropped it, but it continues to function fine and I could tell within the first few hours that he loved it - It was easy for him to use and I had already loaded a few hundred of my own songs on it. 

The build quality of the player was better than I expected. I was expecting cheap, light, plastic at this price and it turned out to be not too far off from the quality of the product it is clearly trying to imitate. Durable, with a decent screen (for the price).

The sound quality is decent and it gets plenty loud for my brother. He can easily sort through all of his songs and listen to whatever he wants, whenever. 


By Customer on October 4, 2015
I bought this for my daughter for her seventh birthday. I didn't want to get her anything too expensive because she is still young and this would have been perfect if it worked well. I immediately had difficulty connecting it to my computer and then it kept disconnecting while I was uploading music. I managed to get a couple of albums on it and gave it to my daughter, but it kept freezing and shutting off on her. She was very disappointed and I felt bad. 
Also, this device comes in a strange plastic box that is taped shut and has a label that looks like someone just printed it off on a home printer. Bad sound quality, bad product.


By Bobby V on June 11, 2015
Efficient, as well as beautiful and sleek, with more features and multifunctions than any other player that I have seen. In addition, the price is a genuine bargain. I am most pleased with my purchase.

By Larry M on February 11, 2016
I am very unhappy with this cheap player. It is very difficult to use. Music that I have loaded doesn't show up.. the screen froze. If no stars was a choice that is what I would give this product. I am very sorry that I purchased it.

By Denice H on February 10, 2016
Perfect

By Tom H on February 9, 2016
Don't waste your money. The center button sticks, the sound quality is bad, difficult to use and the screen keeps freezing.

By Mark on February 6, 2016
It got broken after 2 weeks!!! Cheap and expensive!! The screen never stopped freezing and the center button kept sticking.

By Customer on February 3, 2016
Delivered as promised.

By Customer on January 27, 2016
I just bought this and it works fine. However the Random button does not randomize my playlist at all. The same songs are always playing, in the same order. I bought this so I could push play and listen to different songs when I work out. Since I can't do that, it becomes kind of useless, and I'm quite annoyed.

By Kris January 24, 2016
This does just what my husband wanted. Plays music for him when he's doing washing up or on the way to work. Didn't expect nor want any fills or anything like that. So it's perfect for him and his uses. So far he hasn't indicated any problems with it, and since he's not exactly tech savvy in the slightest, it was pretty darn easy to set up too.

By Customer on January 22, 2016
I hate this stupid thing. i thought it was a pretty good price, but it turns out this piece of garbage isn't even worth $5! the screen froze.. it takes longer than is advertised to charge, it is complicated to use and comes with vague and unhelpful instructions, and it just spent over an hour downloading my music, and didn't actually download any of my music! what was it doing for all that time? i have no idea, but i would suggest buying just about anything else over this piece of garbage!

By Debbie D on January 20, 2016
This was a christmas gift for my grand daughters and they love them. I did replace the headphones anly because I felt my daughter would be happier with headphones that were more kid friendly and color coded so as to avoid fighting .I downloaded some of their favorite songs before I gave them to them and it was very easy to do . I would for sure buy this again

By Melanie S on January 9, 2016
This is a great player. Lots of room. I bought it for my mom to use in her new car. She had been wanting one but didn't want an expensive one. The reasons I do not give it a 5 star is ... 1) The buttons take some time to get used to what they do. 2) It does tend to disconnect some while transferring but just don't move it. The screen freezes. The cord just seems to be touchy My moms car it started right up and showed the songs on her screen. My car says unrecognized device. Other than that it does what it is supposed to do and holds a ton of songs for the price. I got a blue one and the red one.

By Mike C on January 8, 2016
Very disappointed. I was excited about all the songs I could download but when I synced the player, it maxed out after 10 3 minute songs.Very cheap junk..

By Bill on January 8, 2016
I ordered this for a trip, something cheap so if it get lost or broken. No big deal.. Well first off it came and the case was broken. Wrapped it and stuck it under the tree, finally got around to putting music on it and it already had songs, a book, and a few videos on it. And the center button wouldn't work.

By Alex S on January 2, 2016
You get what you pay for. This product is cheap and had good reviews. When it arrived I was pleasantly surprised an inexpensive mp3 player worked well. Soon the difference in prices made itself felt. The player developed software problems (it was difficult to download music from the computer) and the connector plug with the earphones would only work if you pressured it upwards. The screen started freezing. The next step was for it to stop working altogether.

Lousy product. Will go back to paying more for something that actually works.

Jerry on September 5, 2015
This item has a very good sound and also very easy to install the music. The only problem is viewing the screen.

Mark K on December 1, 2015
Good for the intended use. Holds a nice charge and a good number of songs

Adam E on March 2, 2016
When I first plugged this into my computer to transfer songs, all went well. The player was read, the drivers installed, and I easily transferred songs. The second time however did not go so well. I plugged it in and turned it on, which was a mistake since all of my USB ports in my computer locked up, resulting in a non-functioning keyboard and mouse. I had a HUGE scare thinking it busted my PC, until I tried unhooking everything and waiting a bit before turning my PC back on. Every other computer I tried hooking this device into did not recognize it. This device is known for technical problems, so I would not purchase it again.

Ken on November 12, 2015
I lost the first one, so had to get another one. i am happy with it.

Customer on October 30, 2015
Looked alright, but I returned it a couple days after purchase since I came across something else. Product was not used.

DJ on October 5, 2015
For someone that does not have money, but is travelling and would like to listen to classes or music, it is excellent. I would recommend it to someone who does not have, or does not want to spend money for a better mp3 player. I myself, had good use from it. But for someone who wants something really good, and money is not an issue, I would recommend getting something better.

Wayne on February 21, 2016
New item yet, sample music triggered virus warning when I attempted to delete. The screen froze when I turned it on. I had issues with the center button. I finally unplugged and returned immediately.

Jennifer K on March 3, 2016
I bought this with the intention of putting my daughter's music on it so she could listen to her music with her headphones. It's very simple and easy to use. I'd recommend this for anyone who has kids, especially for the price if they break or lose it. 

Freddy on January 18, 2016
Basic one to start with, not bad, sound quality is bad so you need a good headphone.
